Through these diagrams, we aim to highlight two qualitatively different approaches to blockchain architectures. On the left, we illustrate the OpenDSU approach, which avoids on-chain smart contracts and promotes off-chain microledgers, also known as Self Validating Data (SVD). This approach ensures the creation of solutions that are agnostic to both blockchain technology and the smart contracts used, thereby providing an enhanced capacity to adapt to the evolution of blockchain technologies. For instance, consider projects that become unmaintained due to lack of traction, such as the recent case of Quorum being replaced by Hyperledger Besu. While we don't know how successful Besu will be, we do notice a force pushing many use cases towards a transition to Hyperledger Fabric, which is perceived as more stable and supported by a larger community.
The right-hand side of the diagram emphasizes the fact that all enterprise blockchain technologies attempt to solve the issue of confidentiality at the smart contract level, which, from our perspective, is a mistake. Such solutions will inevitably become complicated, fragile, and encounter issues related to performance, scalability, and integration, especially for small players or individual users like patients. In general, solutions based on Hyperledger Fabric privacy mechanisms, such as channels and private data collections, exhibit tendencies toward hidden centralization. This centralization is often masked by the complexity of deployment and the fragility of decentralization and confidentiality enabling mechanisms.
Moving forward, we will discuss more about centralization, but let’s conclude by saying that achieving real privacy by design and by default, and especially obtaining digital sovereignty for each participant in a blockchain network, implies moving away from smart contracts and towards granular data sharing where sufficient, or the use of micro-ledgers. These can be envisioned as simply ad-hoc blockchains, shared among a minimally necessary number of participants, but continually anchored in a common blockchain to ensure the immutability provided by a blockchain shared with a large number of participants.
