In conclusion, I believe we have a moral duty to contribute and initiate such projects that will help define a truly better world and free us from the seemingly hopeless cycle in which we are seemingly involved. Hope exists as long as we are alive and capable of thinking and evolving intellectually and spiritually to build a beneficial and prosperous world for as many people as possible. Dystopian alternatives are simply unacceptable, and we must have patience and understanding and work towards a better future without succumbing to despair and fears.
At the end of this presentation, I hope we will align ourselves with the understanding that decentralized brands represent social technologies that can shape the future of the economy, governance, culture, and spirituality. I have presented a way of thinking, a perspective on how to see the world, and not a complete recipe that covers all decisions and concrete possibilities. We must conduct hundreds or thousands of experiments and build actual decentralized brands that may align more or less with the ideas presented here. The pursuit of perfection in following these directions is not an end in itself. Still, it would be sufficient to share a minimum set of values that allow us to coexist prosperously and overcome the traumas and historical challenges that still characterize the current political and economic system, which should be gradually reformed and brought to a form that avoids doom scenarios under the influence of technology.
In this regard, this presentation aims to initiate two projects influenced by the thinking of "decentralized brands" and invite the audience to get in touch and eventually contribute. Of course, the world needs many other initiatives to collaborate and compete in defining and refining these concepts.
At this moment, we are talking about two projects: AssistOS, which is defined as an open-source operating system that puts artificial intelligence technologies at the core of its architecture and aims to bring together companies with commercial products and open-source communities to populate this new type of operating system with useful applications.
Another initiative is Outfinity, which aims to create a crowdfunding and financing platform for decentralized brands. At the beginning of 2024, we aim to merge these initiatives, making Outfinity an application in AssistOS, but the concepts are still evolving.
Thank you, and you can contact us through the Outfinity blog: https://outfinity.medium.com.


